.\" Written by Vincent Batts <vbatts@hashbangbash.com>
.TH SLACK-UTILS 8 "July 2010" "Slackware-Linux"
.SH NAME
.B slack-utils - simple slackware sys-admin tools

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  slp [-c|--color] [[-p|--pkg] PACKAGE_NAME] [[-V|--Version] VERSION_STRING] [[-a|--arch] ARCH] [[-b|--build] BUILD_NUM] [[-t|--tag] TAG] [one or more package names]
.LP
.B  slf [-c|--color] [[-p|--pkg] PACKAGE_NAME] [[-V|--Version] VERSION_STRING] [[-a|--arch] ARCH] [[-b|--build] BUILD_NUM] [[-t|--tag] TAG] <one or more file names>
.LP
.B  slt [-c|--color] [-e|--epoch] [[-p|--pkg] PACKAGE_NAME] [[-V|--Version] VERSION_STRING] [[-a|--arch] ARCH] [[-b|--build] BUILD_NUM] [[-t|--tag] TAG] [one or more package names]
.LP
.B  sll [-c|--color] [[-p|--pkg] PACKAGE_NAME] [[-V|--Version] VERSION_STRING] [[-a|--arch] ARCH] [[-b|--build] BUILD_NUM] [[-t|--tag] TAG] [-f|--force] [one or more package names]
.LP
.B  sli [[-p|--pkg] PACKAGE_NAME] [[-V|--Version] VERSION_STRING] [[-a|--arch] ARCH] [[-b|--build] BUILD_NUM] [[-t|--tag] TAG] [one or more package names]
.LP
.B  slo
.LP
.B  slfindlinked <full path to libfile>
.LP

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B slack-utils
prints information related to slackware packages installed.
This is written in Ruby, and should be fine for ruby-1.8 or ruby-1.9.
Updates are welcome :-)

.SS slp
By default will list all slackware packages currently installed.
Any [package names] passed after the command, are printed if matched. 
These args can be ruby regex expressions. For example:
.RS
.nf
.B \fI$>\fI slp rsync xorg.*nest
rsync-3.0.7-x86_64-1
xorg-server-xnest-1.7.7-x86_64-2
.fi
.br

.nf
.B \fI$>\fI slp -t vb -p pony
my-little-pony-1.1-x86_64-1_vb
.fi
.PP

.SS slf
Requires an argument. 
Any [file(s)] passed after the command, are printed if matched. 
These args can be ruby regex expressions. For example:
.RS
.nf
.B \fI$>\fI slf kdmrc lilo$
kdebase-workspace-4.4.5-x86_64-1: usr/share/doc/HTML/en/kdm/kdmrc-ref.docbook
kdebase-workspace-4.4.5-x86_64-1: etc/kde/kdm/kdmrc.new
lilo-22.8-x86_64-15: sbin/lilo
syslinux-3.84-x86_64-2: usr/bin/keytab-lilo
.fi
.PP

.SS sll
Requires an argument. 
The files owned by [package name(s)], are printed if matched. 
These args can be ruby regex expressions. For example:
.RS
.nf
.B \fI$>\fI sll -p radeontool
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/radeontool
usr/bin/avivotool
install/
install/slack-desc
.fi
.PP

.SS sli
By default will list the information for all slackware packages currently installed.
The header of the installed package is displayed.
These args can be ruby regex expressions. For example:
.RS
.nf
.B \fI$>\fI sli -p aaa_base
aaa_base-13.37-x86_64-3: COMPRESSED SIZE: 4K
aaa_base-13.37-x86_64-3: UNCOMPRESSED SIZE: 90K
aaa_base-13.37-x86_64-3: aaa_base (Basic Linux filesystem package)
aaa_base-13.37-x86_64-3: 
aaa_base-13.37-x86_64-3: Sets up the empty directory tree for Slackware and adds an email to
aaa_base-13.37-x86_64-3: root's mailbox welcoming them to Linux. :)  This package should be
aaa_base-13.37-x86_64-3: installed first, and never uninstalled.
aaa_base-13.37-x86_64-3: 
aaa_base-13.37-x86_64-3: 
aaa_base-13.37-x86_64-3: 
aaa_base-13.37-x86_64-3: 
aaa_base-13.37-x86_64-3: 
aaa_base-13.37-x86_64-3:
.fi
.PP

.SS slt
By default will list all slackware packages currently installed, and their mtime/install time.
Any [package names] passed after the command, are printed if matched. 
These args can be ruby regex expressions. For example:
.RS
.nf
.B \fI$>\fI slt radeontool-1.6.1-x86_64-1 rsync
radeontool-1.6.1-x86_64-1: 2010-06-01 22:40:42 -0400
rsync-3.0.7-x86_64-1: 2010-06-01 22:41:08 -0400
.fi
.br

.nf
.B \fI$>\fI slt -e -p kernel-generic
kernel-generic-2.6.37.5-x86_64-1 : 1300975233
.fi
.PP

.SS slo
This utility searches for orphaned configuration files, that had been
installed as .new files, but the owning package is no longer installed.
.br
TODO this utility and concept could take some loving.
.RS
.nf
.B \fI$>\fI slo
XXX - NEEDS an example
.fi
.PP

.SS slfindlinked
Requires an argument. (and please be patient ;)
Prints the package name and file that are linked to the <libname> that is passed as an argument.
.RS
.nf
.B \fI$>\fI slfindlinked libgmp
guile-1.8.7-x86_64-3: usr/lib64/libguile-srfi-srfi-60-v-2.so.2.0.2 linked to libgmp.so.10 
soprano-2.4.64-x86_64-1: usr/lib64/soprano/libsoprano_redlandbackend.so linked to libgmp.so.10 
php-5.2.14-x86_64-1: usr/lib64/php/extensions/gmp.so linked to libgmp.so.10
[...]
.fi
.PP

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR slack-utils(3)

