.\" Written by Vincent Batts <vbatts@hashbangbash.com>
.TH SLACK-UTILS 8 "July 2010" "Slackware-Linux"
.SH NAME
.B slack-utils - simple slackware sys-admin tools

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  slp [package name(s)]
.LP
.B  slf [file(s)]
.LP
.B  slt [package name(s)]
.LP
.B  sll <package name(s)>
.LP
.B  slo
.LP
.B  slfindlinked <libname>
.LP

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B slack-utils
prints information related to slackware packages installed.
Mostly a simple chunk of ruby code (rest is bash shell). Updates 
are welcome :-)

.SS slp
By default will list all slackware packages currently installed.
Any [package names] passed after the command, are printed if matched. 
These args can be ruby regex expressions. For example:
.RS
.nf
.B \fI$>\fI slp rsync xorg.*nest
rsync-3.0.7-x86_64-1
xorg-server-xnest-1.7.7-x86_64-2
.fi
.PP

.SS slf
Requires an argument. 
Any [file(s)] passed after the command, are printed if matched. 
These args can be ruby regex expressions. For example:
.RS
.nf
.B \fI$>\fI slf kdmrc lilo$
kdebase-workspace-4.4.5-x86_64-1: usr/share/doc/HTML/en/kdm/kdmrc-ref.docbook
kdebase-workspace-4.4.5-x86_64-1: etc/kde/kdm/kdmrc.new
lilo-22.8-x86_64-15: sbin/lilo
syslinux-3.84-x86_64-2: usr/bin/keytab-lilo
.fi
.PP

.SS sll
Requires an argument. 
The files owned by [package name(s)], are printed if matched. 
These args can be ruby regex expressions. For example:
.RS
.nf
.B \fI$>\fI sll radeontool
usr/
usr/bin/
usr/bin/radeontool
usr/bin/avivotool
install/
install/slack-desc
.fi
.PP

.SS slt
By default will list all slackware packages currently installed, and their mtime/install time.
Any [package names] passed after the command, are printed if matched. 
These args can be ruby regex expressions. For example:
.RS
.nf
.B \fI$>\fI slt radeontool-1.6.1-x86_64-1 rsync
radeontool-1.6.1-x86_64-1: 2010-06-01 22:40:42 -0400
rsync-3.0.7-x86_64-1: 2010-06-01 22:41:08 -0400
.fi
.PP

.SS slo
This utility searches for orphaned configuration files, that had been
installed as .new files, but the owning package is no longer installed.
.RS
.nf
.B \fI$>\fI slo
XXX - NEEDS an example
.fi
.PP

.SS slfindlinked
Requires an argument. (and please be patient ;)
Prints the package name and file that are linked to the <libname> that is passed as an argument.
.RS
.nf
.B \fI$>\fI slfindlinked libgmp
guile-1.8.7-x86_64-3: usr/lib64/libguile-srfi-srfi-60-v-2.so.2.0.2 linked to libgmp.so.10 
soprano-2.4.64-x86_64-1: usr/lib64/soprano/libsoprano_redlandbackend.so linked to libgmp.so.10 
php-5.2.14-x86_64-1: usr/lib64/php/extensions/gmp.so linked to libgmp.so.10
[...]
.fi
.PP

