= slackware utilities

== Summary

A handful of commands to quickly/easily access information on the Slackware Linux distribution.
Further, this provides a ruby library for 'slackware'.

== Description

slack-utils

<b>slp</b> - shows installed slackware packages
with no args, it will show all.
or for each arg it will search the package names.

<b>slf</b> - search installed slackware packages for a file
this expects an arg(s), and will output, in grep fashion
packages matching your search args.

<b>slt</b> - mtime/install time of slackware packages
with no args, it will show all.
or for each arg it will search the package names.

<b>sll</b> - list the contents of packages matching the

<b>slo</b> - find files in /etc/, that have been orphaned and left behind
by unistalled/upgraded packages

<b>sli</b> - display the package information, for matching packages

<b>slfindlinked</b> - finds what is linked to your argument, and it's package
expects 1 argument passed. 


TODO: 
* 2010-08-20 09:16 <bailey> which is that I need to run a query to show
me what packages I'm running are different than the slack-current
versions, since I make local ones and forget about it
* enable `slf` to a relative path, and it determine the absolute path

== Installation

=== From git

	git clone git://github.com/vbatts/slack-utils.git

	make slackpkg

	sudo upgradepkg --install-new pkg/slack-utils-0.6.1-$ARCH-1_vb.tgz

=== From tar ball

	tar xfz slack-utils-0.6.1.tar.gz

	cd slack-utils-0.6.1

	ruby setup.rb config --prefix=/usr --mandir=/usr/man

	ruby setup.rb install 

=== From the gem

	sudo gem install pkg/slack-utils-0.6.1.gem


== Quick Start

=== Using the commands

See the system manual page slack-utils(8)

=== Using the library

 $ irb
 >> require 'rubygems'
 >> require 'slackware'
 >> pkg = Slackware::Packware.new()
 >> pkg.name = "hello-kitty"
 >> pkg.version = "1.0"

 or 
 >> require 'rubygems'
 >> require 'slackware'
 >> tags = Slackware::System.tags_used
 => ["SBo","alien","rlw"]

== Usage
=== Show data

<b>Note: </b>

==== Examples
see the exmamples/ files

== Help
There are many more methods than are documented on this page.  Please explore
the RDOC to find more functionality.

For more complex examples, please see the examples directory 
 (GEM_ROOT/gems/slack-utils-<version>/examples/).

You can also contact me for more help or suggestions.


== Bugs and such

Open an "issue" here https://github.com/vbatts/slack-utils/issues

